DOCS-5309 Remove Mention of OpenMetrics V2 in TeamCity and RabbitMQ Integrations (#15235)
DataDog/integrations-core: teamcity/README.md

Edit the `teamcity.d/conf.yaml` in the `conf.d/` folder at the root of your [Agent's configuration directory][3]. See the [sample teamcity.d/conf.yaml][4] for all available configuration options:

To collect metrics for your TeamCity environment, configure an instance using the TeamCity Server REST API method:

Configure a separate instance in the `teamcity.d/conf.yaml` file to collect additional build-specific metrics, service checks, and build status events from the TeamCity server's REST API. Specify your projects and build configurations using the `projects` option (requires Python version 3):

```yaml
init_config:

instances:
  - server: http://teamcity.<ACCOUNT_NAME>.com

> 

Reviewer: We still offer both methods of data collection, it's just that in the case of the OpenMetrics method, we don't need to refer to the V1 / V2 distinction because only V2 is available. This would also apply to the metadata.csv (in the same way that @iliakur has already commented).

    ## @param projects - mapping - optional
    ## Mapping of TeamCity projects and build configurations to
    ## collect events and metrics from the TeamCity REST API.
    #
    projects:
      <PROJECT_A>:
        include:    
        - <BUILD_CONFIG_A>
        - <BUILD_CONFIG_B>
        exclude:
        - <BUILD_CONFIG_C>
      <PROJECT_B>:
        include:
        - <BUILD_CONFIG_D>
      <PROJECT_C>: {}
```

> Customize each project's build configuration monitoring using the optional `include` and `exclude` filters to specify build configuration IDs to include or exclude from monitoring, respectively. RegEx patterns are supported in the `include` and `exclude` keys to specify build configuration ID matching patterns. If both `include` and `exclude` filters are omitted, all build configurations are monitored for the specified project. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Customize each project's build configuration monitoring using the optional `include` and `exclude` filters to specify build configuration IDs to include or exclude from monitoring, respectively. Regular expression patterns are supported in the `include` and `exclude` keys to specify build configuration ID matching patterns. If both `include` and `exclude` filters are omitted, all build configurations are monitored for the specified project. 
```
